# Meeting Week 8

## TA Announcements:
- **We will receive formative feedback about features and Usability/Accessibility**

## Deadline:
- **Implemented features and Usability/Accessibility will be evaluated** (we dont't have to do anything for this)

## Presentation of the App:
- **There are still bugs present which needs to fixed**

## Issues to be created:
1. **Extra server tests (Sander, Kaan)**, still need to specify what exactly needs to be done at the friday meeting
2. **Config file implementation: Language (Vilius)**, separate class for loading and saving the config
3. **Config file implementation: Collections (Ojas?)**, this should also be discussed with Ojas
4. **Alerts need to be included in the translation (Vilius)**, possibly add 'pirate' english
5. **When the program starts the user should be able to select a language using icons (Vilius)**
6. **Tests for the refactored business logic (Otte)**, class: 'NoteSearchHelper'
7. **Update the README (*)**, the readme should include how it benefits the user

## Bugs:
1. Spamming characters inside a note still creates problems (Sander)
2. When switching theme, the language dropdown does not change color (Vilius)
3. When switching theme, the markdown and logging rendering does not always change color (Kaan)
4. The view: 'SearchNoteContent' does not change theme (Kaan)
5. Title containing special characters should not be creating problems (Quinten)

## Side-notes
- We should stop focussing on adding additional extensions and rather finish the ones we have already started by adding some "extra" functionality.
---
## Plan:
- Contact needs to be made with Ojas regarding multi-collections, ASAP
- We need to meet on friday and discuss multi-collections and server-side code
- Multi-collections and language support need to be finished quickly in order to keep on track
---
## Next Meeting:
- **Chair**: Sander
- **Minute Taker**: Otte
